Adventure Calvin: Default 

Unicorn Calvin: Shoots a strong laser, but can only shoot every 50 turns.

Necro-Calvin: Can revive creatures, and is a natural enemy of heavenly creatures.

Radioactive Calvin: Deals one damage to creatures in a radius around him every turn. But Calvin also develops a random buff or debuff every 200 turns.

Zombie Calvin: Must eat corpses to heal. Does not heal naturally. Can turn non-undeads into undeads to aid him.

Dark Calvin: Damaging himself damages enemies around him. Healing doesn't work like that. The final boss in each dimension will not obey standard game rulesIt will be a unique experienceLikehmmI can't really think of any games similarIt could go from a rogulike to a live flying fightOrMaybe I could keep it turn basedI don't knowHmmUnicorn Calvin's final boss if definitely The Unicorn HunterNecro-Calvin's final boss would be his dead girlfriend he accidentally brought back, except she turned into a giant nagging demonZombie Calvin's final boss would be him controlling an army of zombies to destroy the last of the human raceDark Calvin's final boss would be his twin, Light Calvin. This would be the only dimension where there are two Calvins.ExceptDark Calvin's world will be heavily lore basedSo the ending could be Dark Calvin reconciles with his brother and they go together into the last final boss, or they fight and, since they are magically linked, they both die, but are instantly reborn as a combined True CalvinNot Calvin Prime, but a true universal representation of what every Calvin strives to be

Sir Calvin: A knight highly regarded by his kingdom. Every creature that is non-human is hostile towards him, due to his huge ego.

Cyber-Calvin: Son of a group of wealthy individuals who were permitted to survive being turned into semi-functioning slaves. You left your safety bunker and were apalled, and you dedicated your life to destroying the government.



Unicorn Calvin's final boss is definitely The Unicorn Hunter

Necro-Calvin's final boss would be his dead girlfriend he accidentally brought back, except she turned into a giant nagging demon

Radioactive Calvin's final boss is a tiny growth on his body that falls off and turns into a super version of him.

Zombie Calvin's final boss would be him controlling an army of zombies to destroy the last of the human race

Dark Calvin's final boss would be his twin, Light Calvin. This would be the only dimension where there are two Calvins.
Dark Calvin's world will be heavily lore based.
So the ending could be Dark Calvin reconciles with his brother and they go together into the last final boss, or they fight and, since they are magically linked, they both die, but are instantly reborn as a combined True Calvin
Not Calvin Prime, but a true universal representation of what every Calvin strives to be

Sir Calvin's final boss would be him fighting a dragon.

Cyber-Calvin's final boss would be a giant AI tasked with improving the human race. In the end, it realizes that you are the improvement, and it exterminates all humans except you and shuts down. You are the reason all of those dumb, but happy people died. YOU.